---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

My name is Brady Unzicker. I'm currently a PhD. student at The Ohio State University studying relativistic laser plasma interactions using both experimental and computational methods working with Prof. Douglass Schumacher. Throughout my PhD., I've focused on the interplay between experiment and simulation, using particle-in-cell simulations to understand the spatiotemporal dynamics of laser-driven plasmas and experimental data to validate and extend particle-in-cell codes. So far, I've contributed to 6 experimental campaigns led by OSU students and external LaserNetUS users using the 400 TW Scarlet laser. My simulation work has used several particle-in-cell codes like [EPOCH](https://github.com/Warwick-Plasma/epoch), [OSIRIS](https://github.com/osiris-code/osiris/) and Voss Scientific's LSP.

I attended Auburn University as an undergraduate where I majored in Physics with a minor in Theatre. While there, I was awarded the College of Arts and Sciences Physics student of the year for each of my four years. I was also named an Astronaut Scholar by the Astronaut Scholarship Foundation. Outside of the classroom, I was fortunate enough to work in the Auburn Source of Attosecond Pulses Laboratory with Prof. Guillaume Laurent.

Throughout my studies, I have fostered excellent programming skills in a variety of programming languages (Python, Fortran, C/C++, MATLAB, etc.). I've analyzed big data sets (> 1 TB), authored physics simulations for HPC clusters, and developed mathematical models to predict the dynamics of light-matter interactions.

I was raised in East Alabama, where I found my love for barbeque. In my free time I love cooking--especially pasta and barbeque. I'm a passionate college football fan. War Eagle! Every year, I look forward to Spotify Wrapped to see how much music I listened to during the past year. My record so far is 104 days! When I'm not cooking or listening to music, I enjoy running, going to the gym, and trying new breweries aroudn the country. 